Add one more pointer to Framers (#442)
ietf-tapswg/api-drafts: draft-ietf-taps-interface.md

The optional endOfMessage parameter supports partial sending and is described in
{{send-partial}}.

Framers can be used to extend or modify the message data

> with additional information that can be processed at the receiver to detect message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with additional information that can be processed at the receiver and to determine message
```

Reviewer 2: Now this reads strangely - as if processing at the receiver is one thing, and determining message boundaries is another. First, what's your motivation to change it - what else would you want to do with framers at the receiver? This text could be changed to say ", e.g., to determine message boundaries at the receiver" - which would read better, but immediately raise the question: "what else?". So we'd need another example.

Author: I agree with Michael that the proposed changed reads a bit awkward. I'd prefer to just not change it

Reviewer: The motivation was to clarify that framers can be used for other things than "just" determining message boundaries, e.g., extracting information and making them available through the message context. – it is a nit here anyway

Reviewer 2: Then I suggest to keep the old text. We elaborate on what framers can do in the {{framing}} section that this points too anyway.

> is further decribed in {{framing}}.

Reviewer 2: "pre- or suspend" doesn't seem right. I think you mean to say "pre- or append" - and then it would have to be "pre- or append additional information to the message data" rather than "message data with...". Also, I'm not sure it's correct to say that a "transport service" is instructed to do something? Finally, there are typos ("reeceiver" and "bourndaries").

I suggest to replace the first sentence with:
"Framers can be used to instruct the transport system to extend the message data with additional information that can be used at the receiver to detect message boundaries.".

Author: Done

Author: Actually "instruct" is probably really not the right term here..

Reviewer 2: Thanks. And I think "instruct" is ok (I don't have a better idea)
